Readme.md, before:

# Code guides, style guides.

Code guides, style guides on GitHub.

### Lists

#### A guide for programming in style

- By thoughtbot
- [start reading](https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/blob/master/README.md)
- [repo](https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides)

#### HTML and CSS

##### Standards for flexible, durable, and sustainable HTML and CSS.

- By [mdo](https://github.com/mdo)
- [start reading](http://mdo.github.io/code-guide)
- [repo](https://github.com/mdo/code-guide)


#### JavaScript

##### Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide()

- By [airbnb](https://github.com/airbnb)
- [start reading](http://airbnb.github.io/javascript/)
- [repo](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)


#### Ruby and Rails

##### A community-driven Rails 3 & 4 style guide

- By [bbatsov](https://github.com/bbatsov)
- [start reading](https://github.com/bbatsov/rails-style-guide)
- [repo](https://github.com/bbatsov/rails-style-guide)

##### A community-driven Ruby coding style guide


- By [bbatsov](https://github.com/bbatsov)
- [start reading](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide)
- [repo](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide)

Commit message:

add `git - the simple guide

Readme.md, after:

# Code guides, style guides.

Code guides, style guides on GitHub.

### Lists

#### git - the simple guide

- By [Roger Dudler](http://www.twitter.com/rogerdudler)
- [start reading](http://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/)
- [repo](https://github.com/rogerdudler/git-guide)

#### A guide for programming in style

- By thoughtbot
- [start reading](https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/blob/master/README.md)
- [repo](https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides)

#### HTML and CSS

##### Standards for flexible, durable, and sustainable HTML and CSS.

- By [mdo](https://github.com/mdo)
- [start reading](http://mdo.github.io/code-guide)
- [repo](https://github.com/mdo/code-guide)


#### JavaScript

##### Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide()

- By [airbnb](https://github.com/airbnb)
- [start reading](http://airbnb.github.io/javascript/)
- [repo](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)


#### Ruby and Rails

##### A community-driven Rails 3 & 4 style guide

- By [bbatsov](https://github.com/bbatsov)
- [start reading](https://github.com/bbatsov/rails-style-guide)
- [repo](https://github.com/bbatsov/rails-style-guide)

##### A community-driven Ruby coding style guide


- By [bbatsov](https://github.com/bbatsov)
- [start reading](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide)
- [repo](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide)
